	---
layout: post
title: Events Around Nagel
comments: True
tags:
  - Nagel
  - Jade O'Brien
---

### By Jade O'Brien

Hey! There are so many smaller events around Nagel happening all of the time. I’m here to tell you about some of them! 
	Many students are a part of Medical Detectives, which is a biology/ medical Encore! In their class they are dissecting a sheep brain! Without context, this sounds awful, but taking the course myself, I know that it’s really awesome. If you are interested in the medical field, or even just want to try what people in biology do, then this is an awesome Encore for you to try next year.
	Ms. Eshleman has recently been trying out something new. It’s Popcorn with the Principal! Since she’s new to the building, she has a weekly thing where she speaks to about ten kids from a house every Friday. They’ll talk about how things are going, and about what students like and/or dislike about Nagel. Even adults can learn a thing or two from us students!
	Another event from Encores, orchestra is almost ready to have its first concert! The day after Halloween, November 1st was their first concert. It was great!
	In band, there have been many concerts recently and in the near future. On October 11th, the 8th grade band performed at the Silver football game. They also performed at the FHIMA Band Expo Contest on October 20th. In the future, the 7th Grade band will be performing at the Veterans Day Ceremony on November 12th. Finally this year, all of the Nagel MS band will be playing a Holiday Spectacular concert on December 18th.
	Those are just some of the awesome events happening in our Nagel community! Stay tuned for some other great articles on Nagel’s blog.
